So, what this meant was there
were a lots of smaller players
who could build these
network elements just using
off the shelf components like
a desktop computer and a phone card.
And many, many,
vendors were providing middleware
that would give access to
the basic telephone functionality.
Telephone application
programmers interface.
And you had Java, J type E,
and many other portions.
And what they would do is,
you could do call set up,
you could do connection,
tear down, billing.
And in addition to that, you could
do all kinds of clever processing
on the computer and control the network.
That's why it's called
advanced intelligent network.